Pay and the last lecture you saw the form and I'll use for this course.
So I will use a spin a web page to show all the features and how it works and I explain why I do it
like this in a last video.
However if you build your own applications and you want to use ESX you'll probably do that on your local
machine right.
So you need to know how to set this app how to set up a development environment which allows you to
use ESX on your local machine because remember browsers don't support all the ESX features right now
.
So therefore you need a way to run it on your machine on Bless and code or work with iOS code in order
to do this you basically need three things.
The first thing is a package or a tool which compiles your six code to use five.
Now you might say How does that work.
Well basically it finds some hacks some more difficult ways to achieve certain E-6 behaviourists with
iOS 5 code.
And keep in mind that is only a temporary solution until iOS 6 is natively supported by all browsers
.
That's the first thing a compiler.
The second thing is a MUCH.
YOU WILL SEE years later on in the modules module or a section of this course that you're working with
modules so you have a lot of javascript Faltu want to load it dynamically.
You need a package to do that because this behavior also isn't supported natively by browsers yet.
So you need the module or two.
And lastly you need a little server serving your application because even though it is static since
you're working with modules those modules need to be served dynamically and therefore a little lightweight
server is needed for it.
Well development to now you can't install all these things were multiple options for example as a compiler
you might use Babel as a March loader you might even use WEP pack kind of or system chiasmus a pure
loader and for servers there are tons of options attached to this which you will find a document leading
to some example set ups or boiler plates on get have which you could simply clone to get started and
where you can dive into to learn more about how they are set up and which compiler and so on they use
.
For example here I have this Vanel that is 6 chairs PM package you open which always uses Cheras PM
Chalis package manager to load all those packages needed to work with the ESX and you could simply follow
the instructions on this page to set up a local ESX development environment quickly.
Of course you will find a length of that repository in the video or in the document attached to this
video.